Once upon a time, not a long time ago there was 
a boy named Jari who lived in a small village in
Greece. Jari got mad at his parents and ran away
from home. He ran and ran until he came to a
forest. He was very tired and hungry so he sat
down under a tree and fell asleep. When he woke
up he couldn't find his way home. He was lost.
He walked and walked until he came to a house.
He knocked on the door and an old lady answered.
She said, "Come in, come in. I'll give you some
food and a place to sleep." Jari was very happy.
He ate and then went to bed. The next morning
he woke up and the old lady said, "I have to go
to the market. You can stay here and clean the
house." Jari said, "Okay." The old lady left and
Jari started to clean the house. He swept the
floor and dusted the furniture. Then he went
outside to get some water. He saw a big hole in
the ground. He looked down and saw a big pot of
gold. He took the pot of gold and ran away. He
ran and ran until he came to a big city. He
bought a big house and a big car. He was very
happy. He lived in the big house and drove the
big car. He had a lot of money. Then his money
ran out. He didn't have any money to buy food.
So he wanted to go back to the old lady's house
and get some more gold. He went back to the
forest and found the old lady's house. He knocked
on the door and the old lady answered. She said,
"You punk kid! I took you in and gave you food
and a place to sleep and you stole my gold!" She
took a big stick and hit him on the head. He
fell down and sadly passed away. Moral of the
story: Don't take things that don't belong to
you. And also don't be a punk kid. The End.